[Autogenerated] before we get into how we can handle errors,
let's investigate some things that might go wrong and see how the demo
application we have so far reacts in these situations.
The first scenario is about what happens when an error
occurs when we ensure data into the database.
The database has a unique constraint on the email address
off the yet and so that when the same email addresses used
twice to make a registration, an exception occurs in the registration services.
Let's try this to see what happens.
I've started rabid MQ and Green Mill in Docker and the Front
and Back and and Billing Service in IntelliJ.
I enter a registration on the web-page.
Everything is fine,
and I can see in the H two console that the information about the
at and and ticket is safety in the database.
Then I enter another registration with the same email address.
Watch the logging off the back end after I click to register button.
It starts bringing out error message continually,
so it looks like the bacon is not handling this in a good way.
Let's stop it and think about what's happening.
Let's walk through the integration flow starting from the A m.
Q.
P inbound channel the latter.
And think about what happens when the registration service throws an exception.
The AM Cube and bound channel adaptor is right.
The flow starts behind.
This general adapter is a message listener that receives
messages from the rabid em que que that we've configured
whenever it receives a message, it puts it on the Spring Integration Channel,
named from Rabbit.
Then it goes through a transformer to another channel and then to the
servers activator that calls the registration service.
The registration service tries to insert records in the database,
and then an exception occurs because it cannot in certain at
and with the same email address twice.
Where does this exception go?
To understand this,
you have to look at how threats are used here by spring
integration to call the message Chandler's in our flow.
Why do we have to consider how threats error used?
As you know, when a Java method throws an exception, it will go up the call.
Stack off the current threat to the first color in the hierarchy
that has a catch block to handle the exception in the
integration flow off the demo application.
We are using direct channels and also a published subscribed channel.
Both these types of channels called receivers in the same threat as the center.
Think back to when you learned about Direct Channel.
When the center calls sent on a direct channel,
it immediately calls received on the message Chandler that subscribe to the
channel so the receiver runs on the same threat as the center.
The same thing happens with published subscribed channel.
It also runs the handlers.
That error subscribe to it on the centre's threat.
Now we can explain what happens if the receiver throws an exception.
Since it's running on, the same threat is the center.
The exception goes back to the center.
In other words,
the send method that the center called to send a message to the channel
will throw the exception that the receiver through.
Let's look at our integration flow again to see what this means here.
The register method off the registration service throws an exception,
which goes back to the JSON to object transformer and then goes
back to the A m Q P inbound channel adapter,
the way the AM code ping inbound channel adapter by default handles.
These exception is by sending a negative acknowledgement back to rapid mq
rather than queue will then put the message back on the Cube.
Then the application will try to get the next message from the queue,
which is the message that was just put back and try to process it again.
But of course, then the same error occurs,
and the back and service starts spinning because it continually tries
to process the same message that causes an error.
Let's now consider another error scenario.
What happens if the billing system is unavailable?
Let's perch the rabid um que que to get rid of the message
that can't be processed and then restart the back end and
stop the building services.
Now we'll enter a registration again.
Watch the logging off the back and again.
When I click register button, it will start spinning with error messages again.
This time it goes wrong in almost the same way as in the first scenario.
But the exception just happens a bit further down the integration flow.
Note that the registration was saved in the database and
a confirmation email has been sent.
But then the outbound channel adaptor to talk to the
building services through an exception,
which went all the way back up to the AM kubectl adapter.
From there it goes wrong in the same way as in the first scenario,
the messages negatively acknowledged,
put back onto the rapid M Q Q and then retried.
Then it goes wrong in the same way as in the first scenario,
because the second time around there is already a record in the
database for the attendees email address.
When the mail server is down, a very similar problem occurs.
But then it's the male outbound channel adapter that throws these exception.
Now that you understand how things can go wrong, let's see how we can make the application deal with these problems.